hi I'm Greg Craven you may know me as
the chart guy you know that global
warming douche bag from the most
terrifying video you'll ever see the
punishing how it all ends video marathon
and the book what's the worst that could
happen a rational response to the
climate change debate but after banging
my head against the global warming thing
for so long I've got a bit of a headache
so i'm going to move on to some other
topics and i wanted to give you a quick
heads up about some of my potentially
nutjob sounding opinions that i'll be
sharing soon because you're going to end
up hearing me say in all sincerity
things like racial profiling is a good
idea I think taxes should actually be
higher not lower I think we should be
building nuclear power plants as fast as
we can I think we should have socialized
medicine and I think we should go ahead
and build that wall along our border
with Mexico a collection of things that
will take off pretty much both ends of
the political spectrum so you're going
to need some context or you'll just get
ticked off and leave and I want you to
stick around for the discussion let me
explain why you see I'm cursed with a
brain that just won't turn off it's like
a freaking fire hose that can't be shut
off only pointed in different directions
it keeps me up at night and fills my
every waking moment until my brain is
swollen full like a boil so bloated with
pus it needs to be lanced before it
explodes I need to Lance my brain so I'm
going to do that here in a semi-regular
video blog because selfishly it's useful
to me see that's because my thinking has
led me to some surprising conclusions
many of which are uncomfortable to me
and frankly I'd rather not have so I
want to see if they hold any water so I
can get rid of them if they don't and my
whole experience with the most
terrifying video you'll ever see has
shown me that the best way to test an
idea is well to pretty much throw down
with the whole internet it finds the
holes I don't see and improves the
quality of my opinions even if it means
changing them so over the course of this
new vlog I'm going to share my thinking
on different issues and ask you to poke
holes in it and I'm also asking you to
forward the videos on to others and ask
them to attack or defend them as well
because the more brains on the problem
the better the quality of the result and
I think it will be intriguing to you
because my oddball collection of
conservative and liberal conclusions all
stem from the same few starting
principles plus it'll just be good
YouTube fun the right we'll get to call
me a socialist a commune
an eco nut and maybe even a fascist and
the left will get to call me a
misogynist a bigot a heartless jerk and
maybe even an ego rapist to help lighten
up the heavy topics and to keep me from
taking myself too seriously I'm going to
wear a different silly hat for each of
the topics that I explore in future
postings for example here's some of the
tentative and uncomfortable conclusions
that my thinking has led me to I think
fighting global warming should be our
nation's number one priority but you
should actually stop fretting about your
personal carbon footprint I think Earth
Day is actually a bad idea and we should
stop doing it I think optimism is not
only unworthy of respect it should
actually be shunned because it's
dangerous I think pessimism should be
shunned because it's dangerous too I
think this old codger has most important
thing to say in all of human history and
we should all every one of us listen to
it quick or we'll be kicking ourselves
for the rest of human history I think if
someone's actually doing some hollering
about First Amendment rights they
probably don't understand the First
Amendment I think if someone's actually
doing some hollering about Second
Amendment rights they should go back and
read the whole amendment I think pot
should be legalized I think the solution
to serious sex offenders probably isn't
registration or even prison it's
castration or execution I think
cap-and-trade is a horrible idea it
should be scrapped and replaced by
Hansen's 100% dividend or fight I think
we're giving gay marriage way more
attention than it deserves I think the
dual rise of the religious right and of
anti-intellectualism is turning out to
be the greatest threat this country has
ever known I think we shouldn't remove
any of the dams from the Pacific
Northwest the salmon just aren't worth
it I think before any US citizen can
register to vote they should be required
to pass the same civics test that we
require of naturalized aliens I think
we'll soon probably have a financial
collapse that will make 2008 look like a
cakewalk because none of the mechanisms
that caused it have been changed in fact
they're actually bigger I think both
sides in the abortion debate have a
terribly tragically wrong there that
wasn't so bad was it and don't worry
about piling on into any of those
opinions just yet you can tell me which
ones you want to hear first because each
one has layers of nuance and a long
chain of starting principles thought
experiments and reasoning that led up to
those conclusions as HL Mencken wrote
for every complex problem there is a
solution that is simple meat and wrong
we humans hate new
or maybe it's grey areas it's not clear
so be patient if you want to get a solid
answer you got to first go through a
whole lot of blah blah but for now this
is greg craven just trying to think
things through